feat(ulule-api): add subscription to channels (#135)
ulule/developers.ulule.com: content/docs/ulule-api/reference/channel.md

| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| `:id`     | User ID     |

> ##Channel subscriptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Channel subscriptions
```

| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| `:id`     | User ID     |

> ## Channel subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Channel subscriptions
```

> Users can subscribe to the channel to receive a weekly notification of new projects from the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can subscribe to channels to receive weekly notifications about new projects from the subscribed channels.
```

> ### Subscribe a channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Subscribe to a channel
```

> `POST /v1/channel/:id/subscribe` where `:id` is the channel ID or slug. This endpoint is accessible to authentificated users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`POST /v1/channel/:id/subscribe` where `:id` is the channel ID or slug.
```

> ### Unlike a project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unsubscribe to a channel
```

> `POST /v1/channel/:id/unsubscribe` where `:id` is the channel ID or slug. This endpoint is accessible to authentificated users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`POST /v1/channel/:id/unsubscribe` where `:id` is the channel ID or slug.
```
